README.md, before:

# graphql-java-spring-boot-example
Sample app for my tutorial [Building a GraphQL Server with Spring Boot](https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/building-a-graphql-server-with-spring-boot). 

For testing [Java 11](https://adoptopenjdk.net/installation.html?variant=openjdk11&jvmVariant=hotspot#) can be usede with this repo (The original repo seemst to have been tested with [Java 9](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk9-downloads-3848520.html)).

Clone this repo and execute `mvnw spring-boot:run`. Or inside an IDE, execute the class `com.example.DemoGraphQL.DemoGraphQlApplication`.

You can go to [http://localhost:8080/h2-console/login.jsp](http://localhost:8080/h2-console/login.jsp) and enter the following information:
- JDBC URL: jdbc:h2:mem:testdb
- User Name: sa
- Password: <blank>

## Run Examples

To check the database or to [http://localhost:8080/graphiql](http://localhost:8080/graphiql) to start executing queries. For example:
```
{
  findAllBooks {
    id
    isbn
    title
    pageCount
    author {
      firstName
      lastName
    }
  }
}
```

Or:
```
mutation {
  newBook(
    title: "Java: The Complete Reference, Tenth Edition", 
    isbn: "1259589331", 
    author: 1) {
      id title
  }
}
```
## Run Error Case Examples

Ask for non-existing attribute
```
{
  findAllBooks {
    id
    title
    publisher
  }
}
```

Try to update a non-existing book
```
mutation {
  updateBookPageCount(pageCount: 1313 id: 3)
     {
      id
      title
      pageCount
    }
}
```

# License
MIT

Commit message:

add error case examples, add curl example

README.md, after:

# graphql-java-spring-boot-example
Sample app for my tutorial [Building a GraphQL Server with Spring Boot](https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/building-a-graphql-server-with-spring-boot). 

For testing [Java 11](https://adoptopenjdk.net/installation.html?variant=openjdk11&jvmVariant=hotspot#) can be usede with this repo (The original repo seemst to have been tested with [Java 9](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk9-downloads-3848520.html)).

Clone this repo and execute `mvnw spring-boot:run`. Or inside an IDE, execute the class `com.example.DemoGraphQL.DemoGraphQlApplication`.

You can go to [http://localhost:8080/h2-console/login.jsp](http://localhost:8080/h2-console/login.jsp) and enter the following information:
- JDBC URL: jdbc:h2:mem:testdb
- User Name: sa
- Password: <blank>

## Run Examples

You may use curl on the command line

```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"query": "{findAllBooks{id title}}"}' http://localhost:8080/graphql
```

Or the built-in graphical user interface [http://localhost:8080/graphiql](http://localhost:8080/graphiql) to start executing queries.

```
{
  findAllBooks {
    id
    isbn
    title
    pageCount
    author {
      firstName
      lastName
    }
  }
}
```

Or:
```
mutation {
  newBook(
    title: "Java: The Complete Reference, Tenth Edition", 
    isbn: "1259589331", 
    author: 1) {
      id title
  }
}
```
## Run Error Case Examples

Ask for non-existing attribute
```
{
  findAllBooks {
    id
    title
    publisher
  }
}
```

Try to update a non-existing book
```
mutation {
  updateBookPageCount(pageCount: 1313 id: 3)
     {
      id
      title
      pageCount
    }
}
```

# License
MIT
